[Music]
so tell me what - the baby shark song
and your six-pack have in common both
are about to enter your life and stay
for good after you watch this video you
know I always consider myself a
know-it-all done it all when it comes to
fitness training but viral Kidsongs and
not exactly my favorite music to get
down to so imagine my surprise when I
came across this ab challenge on the
internet that combines fitness and a
catchy children's tone about a baby
shark in its family everyone from young
gymnasts to professional hockey players
started training their abs in sync with
the ear worm no seriously once you hear
it the song doesn't leave your head well
if it ever gets stuck in your brain then
you might as well make something out of
it but does it really work or all these
people just having a good time the moves
look pretty easy and the people doing it
don't look like they're putting much
effort into the workout for me a person
who's tried just about everything to
sculpt my midsection all of this seemed
like a joke
I mean I'm a pretty fit guy and I
workout a couple of times a week but I
could never get that six-pack definition
I've always dreamed of I saw grown men
struggle with this one so I had to try
it for myself
here's what I did for the next 30 days
you start off by lying on your back
don't forget to turn on the right music
you know what it is you might also want
to grab an exercise mat your tailbone is
gonna need it you lift your torso and
legs so that your body makes a boat
shape stretch your arms out in front of
you and start doing the workout - the
first words of the verse it starts out
with good old scissors exercise your
hands will be hovering over your knees
remember your abs will be engaged the
whole time as they keep your body in
that boat shape spread your legs apart
then bring them back close together
don't go too fast control each movement
to keep your legs stable in the air
that's the first verse about baby shark
[Music]
baby shower baby shower the next move is
alternating leg raises keep your abs
pull tight arms and legs lift it up and
your lower back planted firmly on the
ground
then one leg goes up towards the ceiling
and the other lowers to the floor don't
let it touch the ground if you really
want to work those ABS try to reach with
your arms as high as you can the goal is
the toes of the raised leg keep
alternating sides as you get through
this second verse about mommy shark stay
in that half seated position this time
you're going to lift both legs up toward
the ceiling and do v-ups reach both arms
toward your toes double leg raises are
an effective exercise to work your lower
abs and make your hips and lower back
more flexible do that through the third
verse about Daddy shark the next
exercise is alternating knee tucks you
bend one knee and then bring your knee
toward your chest then change legs and
do the same with the other one one
important thing remains true
keep your legs and upper back off the
ground that's the fourth verse about
Grandma shark once the fifth verse kicks
in about grandpa shark you'll start
lifting both knees towards your chest
control your breathing when your knees
go towards you breathe out and squeeze
your abs keep your back straight and
upper body stable at all times this
exercise also helps improve posture
[Music]
now the whole family is going to go
hunting in the sixth verse at this point
you'll just return to the very first
position boat shape arms straight out in
front of you from there kick your legs
up and down kind of like you're
splashing in water the seventh verse
will start before you know it and it's
time for the mountain climbers as you
run away from the shark family get into
a straight arm plank and start running
against the ground you bring one knee to
your chest than the other mountain
climbers work practically the entire
body by hitting different muscle groups
[Music]
then you have to switch back over to the
V position your abs will be on fire at
this point trust me I know I did this
routine for 30 days straight viii safe
at last verse is kind of a wrap up all
you do in this movement is like your ear
wiping sweat off your forehead you might
really need to remember your legs are
still off the ground in the 9th verse
the song will tell you it's the end and
that means you have one exercise left
it'll be as if you're doing a backstroke
in the pool only you have to do it with
jazz hands hey I didn't make up the
rules keep your abs engaged the whole
time and that will conclude the baby
shark workout from day one I was really
feeling sorry to all the people in those
videos that I was making fun of it was
hard to keep my breath and I was ready
to give up by the third verse but I
somehow managed to get through it
although I'll be honest my legs did
touch the floor several times the next
day was rough my whole body felt sore
and my abs I can't even put it into
words I tried to get a good stretch
going before I turned on that familiar
tone it helped a little but it was still
hard to get through all nine verses the
next few days so
because my muscles were on fire by the
way if your muscles get sore and they
will don't give up it's actually a good
sign as long as it's not too painful
if you feel soreness 24 to 48 hours
after working out it means the muscles
are changing and becoming stronger
stretching after the workout helps
increase blood flow and start the
healing process epsom salts will help
too so you can reward yourself with a
nice warm bath with two cups of it after
the workout however if the pain won't go
away for too long and doesn't get any
easier you might want to get that
checked out and if you feel any sharp
pain in your joints during or after the
workout that's a red flag to a 6-pack is
great and all but it's not worth risking
your health right anyway back to my
workout experience what can I say
I struggle through the whole first week
but I didn't give up as I did it every
day it became easier and easier by the
end of week two I started adding
repetitions for progression and it
worked to all the skeptics out there I
can say one thing the whole secret
behind this workout is that you're doing
it without a single break your arms and
legs are always in the air so you're
under constant tension time is the
second success secret to this routine
you're using it to your full advantage
yes the entire workout is under two
minutes but you make every second count
versus when you do 10 or 15 reps of some
exercises you could be doing it with
different intensity what's enough for
someone might not be enough for you so
no matter how funny it sounds and looks
this is a serious core workout that can
transform your body if you're consistent
about it and do even one set every day
you'll get visible results by the end of
the month as for me I do see a lot more
muscle definition my abs but more
importantly I feel like I sit up
straighter and I've got more endurance
in my regular workouts now a six-pack
and feeling good I'd say it was worth
listening to the song over and over and
over every single day one more final tip
before I go do today's baby shark sesh
always remember that abs are made in the
kitchen a diet or workout alone might
not give you the belly of your dreams
but if you combine the two the results
will be undeniable so stick to cleaner
foods and watch your portion sizes to
help keep your muscle mass include lots
of protein in your diet chicken beef
turkey legumes nuts and some dairy
products like Greek yogurt will help you
out with that
hey if you learn something new today
then give this video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life